# this is the list of Edge Computing & Digital Twin

in this file i will show the link between articles、abstract、network link and img；all this will be linked by the num；and the img can be find in dir img

## articles name
|num|name|
|--|--|
1|Inference Service Fidelity Maximization in DT-Assisted Edge Computing
2|Digital Twin Freshness Maximization in Edge Computing
3|AoI-Aware Service Provisioning in Edge Computing for Digital Twin Network Slicing Requests
4|Digital Twin-Enabled Service Provisioning in Edge Computing via Continual Learning
5|AoI-Aware User Service Satisfaction Enhancement in Digital Twin-Empowered Edge Computing

## abstract
|num|name|
|--|--|
1|Digital twin (DT) technology enables smooth integrations of cyber and physical worlds in alignment with the Industry 4.0 initiative. DTs are virtual presentations of physical objects. Through synchronizations with physical objects in real-time, DTs can reflect the states of their objects with high fidelity. Orthogonal to the DT technology, mobile edge computing (MEC) is a promising computing paradigm that shifts computing power to the edge network, which is appropriate for delay-sensitive intelligent services. In this paper, we study fidelity-aware inference services in a DT-assisted MEC environment, where machine learning-based inference models must be continuously retrained using updated DT data in order to provide high-fidelity services for consumers. To this end, we first formulate two novel optimization problems: the initial DT and model placement problem with the aim of minimizing the total cost of various resources consumed for the placements, and the cumulative fidelity maximization problem to maximize the long-term cumulative fidelity of all service models while minimizing the cost of resource consumption on enhancements of service model fidelitiess over a given time horizon, through jointly scheduling mobile devices to synchronize with their DTs by uploading their update data and determining whether DTs and/or models to be migrated at each time slot. We then develop an efficient algorithm for the initial DT and model placement problem, through a reduction to a series of minimum-cost maximum matching problems in auxiliary graphs. We also devise an online algorithm with a provable competitive ratio for the cumulative fidelity maximization problem, by designing an elegant service request admission strategy. Finally, we evaluate the performance of the proposed algorithms via simulations. Simulation results demonstrate that the proposed algorithms are promising, and outperform their baselines by no less than 28%.
2|Mobile Edge Computing (MEC) shifts powerful computing resource provisioning from remote powerful data centers to the edge of core networks. Meanwhile, Digital Twin (DT) has surfaced as a promising technology to provide comprehensive and dynamic descriptions of physical objects in cyberspace with bidirectional and real-time interactions. Moreover, Internet of Things (IoT) devices have contributed abundant, heterogeneous and continuous data from interconnected devices to the explosion of DTs. With technologies evolution, there is an increasing necessity to address the freshness of both DT states and DT data, through timely synchronizations between DTs and their objects in a highly dynamic IoT environment. In this paper, we develop innovative methodologies to improve the DT freshness while minimizing the cost of various resources consumed on the DT freshness improvement. Specifically, we first formulate two novel optimization problems of DT freshness: (i) The static DT freshness optimization problem, where all DT synchronization tasks are given in advance; and (ii) the dynamic DT freshness optimization problem without any knowledge of future DT synchronization tasks over a given finite time. We then devise an approximation algorithm with a provable approximation ratio for the static DT freshness optimization problem. Also, we develop an online algorithm with a provable competitive ratio for the dynamic DT freshness optimization problem. Finally, we evaluate the performance of the proposed algorithms through simulations. Simulation results show that the proposed algorithms outperform their comparison baselines by no less than 13.2%.
3|Digital twins are poised to enter our lives with Industry 4.0. The Digital Twin Network (DTN) paradigm is projected to deliver upon the promise of efficient collaboration among digital twins to enable complicated and systematic services across many domains, through depicting an overall picture of a group of physical objects. To achieve timely data processing of digital twins, Mobile Edge Computing (MEC) shifts the computational power towards the network edge, and network slicing is well-suited to bundle heterogeneous physical resources to build logical networks based on edge servers for accommodating DTNs. In light of this, in this paper we investigate DTN slicing-enabled service provisioning in MEC, where each DTN slice consists of one master digital twin and a set of worker digital twins, and each worker digital twin is synchronized through collecting data from a respective object periodically. The master digital twin aggregates the processed data from worker digital twins to model the DTN continuously for user query services, whilst meeting delay requirements of users. We capture the utility gain of a DTN slicing request based on the DTN model quality at its master digital twin that is impacted by the Age of Information (AoI), and we focus on two novel optimization problems: the utility maximization problem for a single DTN slicing request, and the dynamic utility maximization problem for multiple DTN slicing requests. We propose an approximation algorithm for the former, and an online algorithm with a provable competitive ratio for the latter. We also evaluate the performance of the proposed algorithms through simulations. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed algorithms are promising, outperforming their counterparts by at least 10.2%.
4|Propelled by recent advances in Mobile Edge Computing (MEC) and the Internet of Things (IoT), the digital twin technique has been envisioned as a de-facto driving force to bridge the virtual and physical worlds through creating digital portrayals of physical objects. In virtue of the flourishing of edge intelligence and abundant IoT data, data-driven modelling facilitates the implementation and maintenance of digital twins, where simulations of physical objects are usually performed based on Deep Neural Networks (DNNs). A significant advantage of adopting digital twins is to enable decisive prediction on the behaviours of objects in near future without waiting for that really happen. To provide accurate predictions, it is vital to keep each digital twin synchronized with its physical object in real-time. However, it is challenging to maintain the real-time synchronization between a digital twin and its physical object due to the dynamics of physical objects and sensing data drift over time, i.e., the live data from a physical object diverge from the model training data of its digital twin. To address this critical issue, continual learning is a promising solution to retrain models of digital twins incrementally. In this article, we investigate digital twin synchronization issues via continual learning in an MEC environment, with the aim to maximize the total utility gain, i.e., the enhanced model accuracy. We study two novel optimization problems: the static digital twin synchronization problem per time slot and the dynamic digital twin synchronization problem for a finite time horizon. We first formulate an Integer Linear Program (ILP) solution for the static digital twin synchronization problem when the problem size is small; otherwise, we develop a randomized approximation algorithm at the expense of bounded resource violations for it. We also devise a deterministic approximation algorithm with guaranteed performance for a special case of the static digital twin synchronization problem. We third consider the dynamic digital twin synchronization problem by proposing an efficient online algorithm for it. Finally, we evaluate the performance of the proposed algorithms for continuous digital twin synchronization through simulations. Simulation results show that the proposed algorithms are promising, outperforming counterpart benchmarks by no less than 13.2%.
5|The emerging digital twin technique enhances the network management efficiency and provides comprehensive insights on network performance, through mapping physical objects to their digital twins. The user satisfaction on digital twin-enabled service relies on the freshness of digital twin data, which is measured by the Age of Information (AoI). Due to long service delays, the use of the remote cloud for delay-sensitive service provisioning faces serious challenges. Mobile Edge Computing (MEC), as an ideal paradigm for delay-sensitive services, is able to realize real-time data communication between physical objects and their digital twins at the network edge. However, the mobility of physical objects and dynamics of user query arrivals make seamless service provisioning in MEC become challenging. In this paper, we investigate dynamic digital twin placements for improving user service satisfaction in MEC environments, by introducing a novel metric to measure user service satisfaction based on the AoI concept and formulating two user service satisfaction enhancement problems: the static and dynamic utility maximization problems under static and dynamic digital twin placement schemes. To this end, we first formulate an Integer Linear Programming (ILP) solution to the static utility maximization problem when the problem size is small; otherwise, we propose a performance-guaranteed approximation algorithm. We then propose an online algorithm with a provable competitive ratio for the dynamic utility maximization problem, by considering dynamic user query services. Finally, we evaluate the performance of the proposed algorithms via simulations. Simulation results demonstrate that the proposed algorithms outperform the comparison baseline algorithms, improving the algorithm performance by at least 10.7%, compared to the baseline algorithms.

## network link
|num|name|
|--|--|
1|https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/11129880/
2|https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/11342360/
3|https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10646556/
4|http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10316647/
5|https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10289645/

## img-name

|num|name|
|--|--|
1|1.png
2|2.png
3|3.png
4|4.png
5|5.png


