# this is the list of Autonomous Driving & Intelligent Transportation

in this file i will show the link between articles、abstract、network link and img；all this will be linked by the num；and the img can be find in dir img

## articles name
|num|name|
|--|--|
1|ModeSeq: Taming Sparse Multimodal Motion Prediction with Sequential Mode Modeling
2|Interventional Root Cause Analysis of Failures in Multi-Sensor Fusion Perception Systems
3|Designing and Implementing AoI-Optimized Scheduling for Autonomous Driving Systems
4|BehaviorGPT: Smart Agent Simulation for Autonomous Driving with Next-Patch Prediction
5|A First Physical-World Trajectory Prediction Attack via LiDAR-induced Deceptions in Autonomous Driving

## abstract
|num|name|
|--|--|
1|Anticipating the multimodality of future events lays the foundation for safe autonomous driving. However, multimodal motion prediction for traffic agents has been clouded by the lack of multimodal ground truth. Existing works predominantly adopt the winner-take-all training strategy to tackle this challenge, yet still suffer from limited trajectory diversity and uncalibrated mode confidence. While some approaches address these limitations by generating excessive trajectory candidates, they necessitate a postprocessing stage to identify the most representative modes, a process lacking universal principles and compromising
trajectory accuracy. We are thus motivated to introduce ModeSeq, a new multimodal prediction paradigm that models modes as sequences. Unlike the common practice of decoding multiple plausible trajectories in one shot, ModeSeq requires motion decoders to infer the next mode step by step, thereby more explicitly capturing the correlation between modes and significantly enhancing the ability to reason about multimodality. Leveraging the inductive bias of sequential mode prediction, we also propose the EarlyMatch-Take-All (EMTA) training strategy to diversify the trajectories further. Without relying on dense mode prediction or heuristic post-processing, ModeSeq considerably improves the diversity of multimodal output while attaining satisfactory trajectory accuracy, resulting in balanced performance on motion prediction benchmarks. Moreover, ModeSeq naturally emerges with the capability of mode extrapolation, which supports forecasting more behavior modes when the future is highly uncertain.
2|Autonomous driving systems (ADS) heavily depend on multi-sensor fusion (MSF) perception systems to process sensor data and improve the accuracy of environmental perception. However, MSF cannot completely eliminate uncertainties, and faults in multiple modules will lead to perception failures. Thus, identifying the root causes of these perception failures is crucial to ensure the reliability of MSF perception systems. Traditional methods for identifying perception failures, such as anomaly detection and runtime monitoring, are limited because they do not account for causal relationships between faults in multiple modules and overall system failure. To overcome these limitations, we propose a novel approach called interventional root cause analysis (IRCA). IRCA leverages the directed acyclic graph (DAG) structure of MSF to develop a hierarchical structural causal model (H-SCM), which effectively addresses the complexities of causal relationships. Our approach uses a divide-and-conquer pruning algorithm to encompass multiple causal modules within a causal path and to pinpoint intervention targets. We implement IRCA and evaluate its performance using real fault scenarios and synthetic scenarios with injected faults in the ADS Autoware. The average F1-score of IRCA in real fault scenarios is over $95%$. We also illustrate the effectiveness of IRCA on an autonomous vehicle testbed equipped with Autoware, as well as a cross-platform evaluation using Apollo. The results show that IRCA can efficiently identify the causal paths leading to failures and significantly enhance the safety of ADS.
3|Autonomous Driving Systems (ADS) incorporate complex algorithm stacks, including sensing, localization, perception, prediction, planning, and control. To enhance the safety and comfort of ADS, it is crucial to utilize the most recent sensor data and meticulously schedule these algorithm stacks for better system communication. Since the data-flow communication within ADS leverages sensor data for final planning decisions, our objective is to minimize the Age of Information (AoI), a metric that assesses the freshness of the processed information. The optimization of AoI on ADS, however, poses significant challenges due to computing resource limitations and the complicated nature of ADS operations. Moreover, most ADS platforms, such as Autoware, are built on Robot Operating System 2 (ROS 2), whose special execution behavior introduces additional complexities in scheduling algorithm design. To tackle these challenges, we propose an AoI-based scheduling optimization framework specifically for ADS. This involves developing effective algorithms to streamline and enhance the scheduling processes, as well as customizing ROS 2 at the system level to optimize AoI further. Experimental evaluations of our proposed policy against existing state-of-the-art scheduling policies in ROS 2 demonstrate notable improvements in the efficiency and responsiveness of ADS.
4|Simulating realistic behaviors of traffic agents is pivotal for efficiently validating the safety of autonomous driving systems. Existing data-driven simulators primarily use an encoder-decoder architecture to encode the historical trajectories before decoding the future. However, the heterogeneity between encoders and decoders complicates the models, and the manual separation of historical and future trajectories leads to low data utilization. Given these limitations, we propose BehaviorGPT, a homogeneous and fully autoregressive Transformer designed to simulate the sequential behavior of multiple agents. Crucially, our approach discards the traditional separation between "history" and "future" by modeling each time step as the "current" one for motion generation, leading to a simpler, more parameter- and data-efficient agent simulator. We further introduce the Next-Patch Prediction Paradigm (NP3) to mitigate the negative effects of autoregressive modeling, in which models are trained to reason at the patch level of trajectories and capture long-range spatial-temporal interactions. Despite having merely 3M model parameters, BehaviorGPT won first place in the 2024 Waymo Open Sim Agents Challenge with a realism score of 0.7473 and a minADE score of 1.4147, demonstrating its exceptional performance in traffic agent simulation.
5|Trajectory prediction forecasts nearby agents' moves based on their historical trajectories. Accurate trajectory prediction (or prediction in short) is crucial for autonomous vehicles (AVs). Existing attacks compromise the prediction model of a victim AV by directly manipulating the historical trajectory of an attacker AV, which has limited real-world applicability. This paper, for the first time, explores an indirect attack approach that induces prediction errors via attacks against the perception module of a victim AV. Although it has been shown that physically realizable attacks against LiDAR-based perception are possible by placing a few objects at strategic locations, it is still an open challenge to find an object location from the vast search space in order to launch effective attacks against prediction under varying victim AV velocities.
Through analysis, we observe that a prediction model is prone to an attack focusing on a single point in the scene. Consequently, we propose a novel two-stage attack framework to realize the single-point attack. The first stage of prediction-side attack efficiently identifies, guided by the distribution of detection results under object-based attacks against perception, the state perturbations for the prediction model that are effective and velocity-insensitive. In the second stage of location matching, we match the feasible object locations with the found state perturbations. Our evaluation using a public autonomous driving dataset shows that our attack causes a collision rate of up to 63% and various hazardous responses of the victim AV. The effectiveness of our attack is also demonstrated on a real testbed car. To the best of our knowledge, this study is the first security analysis spanning from LiDAR-based perception to prediction in autonomous driving, leading to a realistic attack on prediction. To counteract the proposed attack, potential defenses are discussed.

## network link
|num|name|
|--|--|
1|https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2025/papers/Zhou_ModeSeq_Taming_Sparse_Multimodal_Motion_Prediction_with_Sequential_Mode_Modeling_CVPR_2025_paper.pdf
2|https://www.ndss-symposium.org/ndss-paper/interventional-root-cause-analysis-of-failures-in-multi-sensor-fusion-perception-systems/
3|https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/11044491
4|https://proceedings.neurips.cc/paper_files/paper/2024/hash/9144c7c014bf4c30e88f650bef8f68dd-Abstract-Conference.html
5|https://www.usenix.org/conference/usenixsecurity24/presentation/lou

## img-name

|num|name|
|--|--|
1|1.png
2|2.png
3|3.png
4|4.png
5|5.png


